Update select groups section (#1559)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/select.md

<button data-localize="stackblitz" disabled class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="select-sample-2-iframe" data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}">view on stackblitz</button>

Select component exposes items grouping functionality. This helps to visually group and indent different items based on some criteria.

> In order to make use of this feature, you may change the data to contain a grouping criteria. In the following case, we use the `label` for the purpose and list a collection of `items` under each group:

Reviewer: Change the data? I don't see anything similar described before TBH.
```suggestion
This works best with hierarchical data that can be iterated declare the components. In the following example, each group has a `label` and list a collection of `items`:
```
